planner: add document about some new introduced hints (#14392)
pingcap/docs: optimizer-hints.md

+---------------------------------+----------+-----------+---------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
9 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

### Using hints causes the `Can't find a proper physical plan for this query` error

The `Can't find a proper physical plan for this query` error might occur in the following scenarios:

> - The query itself does not require reading indexes in order. That is, the optimizer does not generate a plan to read indexes in order in any case without using hints. In this case, if the `ORDER_INDEX` hint is specified, this error occurs. To resolve this issue, remove the corresponding `ORDER_INDEX` hint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A query itself does not require reading indexes in order. That is, for this query, the optimizer does not generate a plan to read indexes in order in any case without using hints. In this case, if the `ORDER_INDEX` hint is specified, this error occurs. To resolve this issue, remove the corresponding `ORDER_INDEX` hint.
```

> - All possible join methods are excluded by using `NO_JOIN` hints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A query excludes all possible join methods by using the `NO_JOIN` related hints.
```
